---
title: Week 1
date: 2020-09-05
---

Thanks for sticking through the first week! We have a few logistical announcements for you guys:

1. All enrollment codes have been sent out. If you received your enrollment code, add the course on Calcentral by Monday, September 7, because that is when we will be pulling our official roster to Gradescope and also when we will be assigning the first homework assignment. If you did not receive an enrollment code, make a private Piazza post immediately.

2. We'd like to do everything we can to help make this class a better experience for you, so please fill out this [optional anonymous check-in form](https://forms.gle/ZyU141PqRmC23qgi8) for week 1. It would really help us gauge where we (the instructors) are and allow us to better deliver the course content, especially because this is the first iteration of the DeCal.

3. Because we reopened our application while the first few lectures were running, we have waived the attendance requirement for this past week only. We very highly recommend watching at least Thursday's lecture because you will be responsible for knowing it when we begin teaching Golang and SQL.

4. If you felt a bit overwhelmed during our Command Line and Git lecture, don't sweat! We will be compiling all the commands we used in the lecture into a document with a breakdown of how commands work as well as how to take our conceptual knowledge of Git and apply our hands-on knowledge. The commands will be there for reference so you don't need to memorize it, but you'll soon have them down through muscle memory.
