---
title: Week 3
date: 2020-09-19
---

Hey everyone,

Hope all have had a good week and are going strong in your classes. We've got a few announcements for this coming week:

1. We know that last Thursday's lecture on Golang was difficult, so we'll spend the first 15-20 minutes of Tuesday's lecture reviewing Golang and web server programming. Please bring any and all questions to that lecture because we will be moving on. Here's some **resources** to review what we covered: [golang](https://medium.com/@hugo.bjarred/rest-api-with-golang-and-mux-e934f581b8b5) | [http](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/http/http_quick_guide.htm). You do not have to read their full contents in order to understand the material, but it will be good practice to skim them and get the gist. One of the things we will emphasize in this class is quickly skimming documentation/tutorials.
2. **Homework 2** will be released later **today (9/19)** and will be **due Thursday (9/24) at 11:59pm**. It will consist of two components: a mandatory feedback form and a Golang + Web Server homework assignment.
3. **Feedback form**: We will release a feedback form link which will give you a unique token at the end. Submit this token to Gradescope for credit. **(est time: 5 mins)**
4. **Golang**: We will send out a Gradescope assignment that covers the basic syntax of Golang and web requests. This is not a coding assignment. **(est time: 30 mins)**
5. **Office Hours**: We will send out a post later today detailing our office hours availability.

Lastly, if you feel overwhelmed by the pacing of this course, *please* reach out to us so we can figure out ways to help you get up to speed. We want everyone to get as much as possible out of this course and are willing to work with you. Take care and stay safe.

Warmly,

Your DeCal Course Staff
