---
title: Week 4
date: 2020-09-26
---

Hey everyone!

Midterm season is in full swing, so hope you all are keeping busy. We also hope you enjoyed the Docker lecture! There is a lot of fun to be had there (as we build up to the project). That said, we have some **very important** announcements this week so **please read carefully**:

1. Good job on getting through Docker! The main things you should have taken away were the pros and cons of VM's and Containers. You are not expected to know anything from the demo (yet).
2. **Homework 3** will be officially released Tuesday (9/29) and due Thursday (10/8), so 1.5 weeks total. This means that you will have a little over a week to complete it. It will consist of 3 parts (hence the extra time):
 - **Homework 3a - Golang Coding**
   - This is the hands-on autograded coding assignment.
     - We're still getting local tests and the autograder ready but feel free to get started using the **starter code**: https://github.com/BearCloud/proj0
     - The estimated time to complete this is **2-4 hours** so we highly recommend at least looking at the starter code sometime this weekend.
     - If you end up nearing the 3 hour mark for completing this project, come to office hours so we can help you walk through the code conceptually and help you debug!
   - **Homework 3b - SQL**
     - This will be a Gradescope assignment regarding SQL. Do not panic, we will be covering this on *Tuesday*, so you will have a fundamental understanding by the time the homework is assigned.
     - We're still deciding if it will be fill in the blank or autograded. Sit tight.
     - The estimated time for this homework will be **30mins - 1 hour**.
   - **Homework 3c - Feedback Form**
     - We will be releasing a feedback form shortly to collect your thoughts and concerns regarding the previous week.
     - The estimated time for this portion is **5 minutes**.
   - This is a lot of homework, but we're assigning everything ahead of time in order to give you about a week and a half to complete it. If you feel like the amount of homework is overloading you, please come to office hours or make a private Piazza post! We're more than happy to accomodate and give you **slip days** in case you're overloaded with other classes or have interviews coming up. That being said, *do not procrastinate* on this homework. This class is beginning to ramp up (to an actual 3 unit workload) so please make sure to *start early* on this assignment.
3. **AWS Accounts** - You should have received an email regardings signups for AWS Educate. Please fill this out asap. Some students have already encountered issues so we'd like to sort them out as soon as possible.
4. **Attendance** (Enrolled students only) - We will be running a script this weekend to determine everyone's attendance so far. If you haven't filled out the accomodation form by now and/or have started using your three (3) unexcused absences, you will get an email sometime before Tuesday with your current attendance status.
5. **Resources** - We will be updated our resources thread to include tutorials and walkthroughs for Docker shortly, in case you'd like to know more or are feeling iffy on the subject.

With all this said, we hope you guys are making the best of this remote semester and are making sure to take care of yourselves. We're always here for you if you stumble, so don't hesitate to reach out. Good luck on your midterms!

Warmly,

Your DeCal Course Staff
